docs: Add shield chart to the index page (#2211)
sysdiglabs/charts: index.md

## Core Component Charts

To install the core components of Sysdig Monitor and Sysdig Secure, use the **shield** chart.

Additional Sysdig Secure components provide scanning for vulnerabilities in various parts of the environment and the CI/CD lifecycle.

| Parent Chart                                   | Subcharts                                              | Description                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | [`shield`](/charts/shield)                     |                                                        | Installs, configures, and updates Sysdig applications ( _Host Shield_ and _Cluster Shield_ ) in your environment. This is the helm chart we recommend for new installations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`shield`](/charts/shield)                     |                                                        | Installs, configures, and updates Sysdig applications ( _Host Shield_ and _Cluster Shield_ ) in your environment. Sysdig recommends this Helm chart for new installations. |
```
